Q1. You have a infinite stream of repeated number find top K frequent number from this stream and discussion on this question like which data structure will you use and time complexity etc.

Q2. Given a link list consist of data , next pointer and also a random pointer which points to a random node of the list . how will you make clone of this ?

Q3. ow a array (fixed size can) use like for k stack ? and after this how will you make these k stack to memory efficient?


Q1. Linked list containing characters as values. Find if a linked list is palindrome. done

Q2. Given two integers m and n write the function to compute the number of bit changes required to convert one to another

Example: m=14
n=15 answer : 1
Explanation : 24 : 11000
15: 01111


Q1. Tell me if binary tree is BST?   done

Q2. Given a stream of integers, give me median at any time. done
soln:- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmogG01IjYc

Q3. Given a sorted array, being rotated; Find an element in it. done


Q1. Need an efficient solution for the problem.
Given an array a[], find three indices (triplets) i,j,k such that:
1. i < j < k
2. a[i] < a[j] < a[k]
3. a[i] + a[j] + a[k] <= t , where t is a given sum
Array is not necessarily sorted. Have to count number of such triplets.

Q2. Construct a BST with preorder and inorder traversals given


Q2. An iron rod is given that has to be cut in a manner such that the cost is maximized. Different rod sizes have different costs and there is a cutting cost involved.

Q3. Deletion in a binary search tree?



Q1. Write code to find sum of two numbers stored as linked list.(LSB at last node) and head of each list is given.

Q2. Write code to print elements on the path from root to leaf node having the maximum sum.

Q3. What is the complexity of retrieving min element from a max heap.

Q4. Which is the fastet method to sort an almost sorted array:
quick sort,bubble sort,merge sort,shell sort

Q5. Tell about zombie process?

Q6. Complexities on hash table?

Q7. Reverse linked list and a few questions on tress and dynamic prog and aptitude testing?

Q8. Given an array find any three numbers which sum to zero. Give the best algorithm?

Q9. Given a BST, how would you return the kth smallest element. Cover all the corner cases with time complexity logn?



Q1. Check whether given Binary Tree is a Binary Search Tree. Discuss various approaches? - done.

Q2. Given a large list of numbers in a file and a very small amount of memory, sort the file.

Q3. Implement a phone book. You can search either by name or phone number. You can search by prefix also. Write whole code with proper syntax.

Q4. Given an array of integers, find Pythagorean triplets. i.e. find a,b and c which satisfies a^2 + b^2 = c^2. Integers could be positive or negative.

Q5. Given a number, compute the nearest palindrome number. This palindrome number should be greater than given number.

Q6. Given two string str and pat. Find minimum window in str which contains all characters from string pat.

Q7. Input : 4 jars and 50 balls of different colors (Red, Green, Yellow, Blue) where each jar can contain a maximum of 100 balls.
Problem : When a user draws a red ball he loses his money while if he draws a ball of some other color his money is doubled. Arrange the balls in such a way that the user has highest probability to lose.


Q1. A sentence is given which contains lowercase English letters and spaces. It may contain multiple spaces. Get first letter of every word and return the result as a string. The result should not contain any space.
Q2. Find Nth largest element in the BST.
Q3. Given a BST, find the node which contains the value which is equal to or greater than the input value?
Q4. Write a program to check if a binary tree is balanced
Q5. Given s string, Find max size of a sub-string, in which no duplicate chars present?
Q6. What is a hash table? Explain how they work (hash function and buckets)?
Q7. WAP to find a continuous subset whose sum is divisible by 7. We are given a array of number (-ve and +ve).
calculate the complexity of your algorithm?
Q8. Given a 2-dimensional array of integers, find the value 1 in the array, and set all those rows, and columns to 1, which contains one of the values as 1.
Q9. How to find a number in a rotated sorted array. He was looking for the binary search kind of solution?

Q1. Write a code to check if a tree is BST or not.
Q2. Modify this code to find the maximum subtree in tree which is a BST. Maximum subtree means subtree goes upto its leaves from any node.
Modify the code again to find the maximum tree which is a BST. BST can lie anywhere and it may or may not go upto its leaves.
